Fix root relative urls (#79)
mapbox/underreact: README.md

Type `string`. Absolute path, please. Default: `${project-root}/public/`.

Any files you put into this directory will be copied, without processing, into the [`outputDirectory`](#outputdirectory).

> You can put images, favicons, data files, and anything else you want in here. To reference these assets in your Javascript code, you use the `BASE_PATH` environment variable, Read [How do I include SVGs, images, and videos?](#how-do-i-include-svgs-images-and-videos).

Reviewer: Punctuation for this sentence could use another pass.

}
```

It is generally a good idea to use the above method for importing assets, because:

> - throws a compilation error when an asset is missing.

Reviewer: Missing a word from the beginning of this sentence.

> - filenames include hashing for browser caching.

Reviewer: Which filenames? I'm not sure this is clear to someone who doesn't already know what it's talking about.

> If you cannot use this method and want to place some of your assets in the [publicDirectory](#publicdirectory), you can create links with the help of the in built environment variable `BASE_PATH`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot use this method and want to place some of your assets in the [`publicDirectory`](#publicdirectory), you can create links using the environment variable `BASE_PATH`:
```

```js
function Header() {
  return <img src={process.env.BASE_PATH + '/logo.png'} alt="Logo" />;
}
```

> The environment variable `BASE_PATH` is automatically set for you and is equivalent to the value of [`siteBasePath`](#sitebasepath).

Reviewer: We should explain that it will never end with a slash, even if your `siteBasePath` does.
